Five years ago was the Tang Dynasty
Now it is the banner of the three major families
You really didn't come for nothing, hahaha.
These panjin are rising
Tianjin disease sold houses but did not win
Now it is rare for the army to advance into the people
Who is it? Why are you here?
Why are you here?
Didn't you say you were going upstairs to attend the Qing army's clearing banquet?
Of course we're here to congratulate
Qing army returns to southern province
Replace the bronze sword again
For the soldiers of the hundred battles
Hundreds of families came to celebrate
Or Qin Shao
But it was approved by the Qing army
Have a big engagement party downstairs
This background
It's not something that ordinary people can have.
Exactly.
The three of us also came to ask for a cup of wedding wine
Together, bless and bless
Qin Shao, congratulations
Husband, you are amazing.
Even 7 armies favor a home for you
No wonder the hotel experienced a maze of notes on me before
It turned out to be because of the Qing army
But I don't know if I want to follow the Qing army.
Sir?
Get engaged fast
rashly disturb
Do you mind?
Never mind.
Anyway, who am I afraid of with the Qin army team?
Come up, what's this?
I'm honored to be a police officer
Golden Phoenix
Did you see
Even the three major families came to our engagement party to congratulate them
My husband is more sick than Qingjun
This whole male god
No one else has that right anymore
Jiefeng
Even if Miss Tang can see you as wrong
Don't go
I now have the reaction of the Qing army
Who can't enter?
My grandson
What can you do to me?